
      
         
            Alumni &amp; Friends
         
      Skip Over Breadcrumbs and Secondary Navigation
         Breadcrumb Navigation
         
            
                  College of Education
            
                  Alumni &amp; Friends
            Make a Gift
         
      
      
         
            
               
                      Secondary Navigation
               
               
                  
                  Alumni &amp; Friends News
Alumni Spotlights
Make a Gift
USF Alumni Association
                  
               
            
         
         
            Make a Gift
            
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Your support makes a critical difference in cutting-edge research, recruiting and
               retaining outstanding faculty and students and enhances the quality of our programs.
               The College of Education has granted nearly 50,000 degrees and our graduates are making
               a difference in lives across America and throughout the world.
            
            
            Support Our Greatest Need
            
            Giving&nbsp;to&nbsp;the College of Education&nbsp;provides support to ensure the College of Education
               meets its&nbsp;goals and purposes.&nbsp;
            
            
            Make a Gift Now
            
            Give to a priority
            
            In addition to our strategic area of greatest need, the College of Education has identified
               ten additional funds that support our high-achieving students with scholarships, educational
               supplies and other means to help them make the most of their USF experience.
            
            
            
               
                     College of Education&nbsp;General Operating Fund
               
               
                  
                     
                     By making a gift to the College of Education's General Operating Fund, you are providing
                        supplemental support to the goals and initiatives of the college.&nbsp;
                     
                     
                     To give to this fund, visit the USF Giving website and search for fund number 210530.
                     
                  
               
            
            
            
               
                     College of Education Student Success Fund
               
               
                  
                     
                     The College of Education Student Success Fund support the success of our students.
                        This fund is used at the discretion of the Dean of the College of Education to provide
                        scholarships to students of all academic levels in the College of Education.&nbsp;
                     
                     
                     To give to this fund, visit the USF Giving website and search for fund number 210058.
                     
                  
               
            
            
            
               
                     Department of Educational &amp; Psychological Studies Operating Fund
               
               
                  
                     
                     This fund provides support to operating expenses related to the Department of Educational
                        &amp; Psychological Studies, which includes the following programs:&nbsp;
                     
                     
                     
                        
                        Educational Measurement and Research
                        
                        Exercise Science
                        
                        Instructional Technology
                        
                        Interdisciplinary Education
                        
                        Educational Psychology
                        
                        School Psychology
                        
                        Social Foundations
                        
                     
                     
                     To give to this fund, visit the USF Giving website and search for fund number 210046.
                     
                  
               
            
            
            
               
                     Department of Leadership, Counseling, Adult, Career and Higher Education Operating
                     Fund
                  
               
               
                  
                     
                     This fund provides support to operating expenses related to the Department of Leadership,
                        Counseling, Adult, Career and Higher Education, which includes the following programs:&nbsp;
                     
                     
                     
                        
                        Adult Education
                        
                        Career and Technical/Workforce Education
                        
                        Counselor Education
                        
                        Educational Leadership
                        
                        Higher Education and Student Affairs
                        
                     
                     
                     To give to this fund, visit the USF Giving website and search for fund number 210049.
                     
                  
               
            
            
            
               
                     Department of Teaching and Learning Operating Fund
               
               
                  
                     
                     This fund provides support to operating expenses related to the Department of Teaching
                        and Learning, which includes the following programs:
                     
                     
                     
                        
                        Early Childhood Education
                        
                        Elementary Education
                        
                        English Education
                        
                        Exceptional Student Education
                        
                        Foreign Language Education
                        
                        Mathematics Education
                        
                        Physical Education
                        
                        Program Development
                        
                        Reading Education/Literacy Studies
                        
                        Science Education
                        
                        Social Science Education
                        
                        Teacher Education
                        
                        Technology in Education and Second Language Acquisition
                        
                     
                     
                     To give to this fund, visit the USF Giving website and search for fund number 210051.
                     
                  
               
            
            
            
               
                     Gus A. Stavros Center for Free Enterprise and Economic Education Operating Fund
               
               
                  
                     
                     This fund supports the programs and initiatives of the Gus A. Stavros Center for Free
                        Enterprise and Economic Education, a center housed in the College of Education that
                        works to advance the effective teaching and integration of free enterprise, financial
                        literacy and economic education into the K-20 curricula.&nbsp;
                     
                     
                     To give to this fund, visit the USF Giving website and search for fund number 210260.
                     
                  
               
            
            
            
               
                     Migrant Student Success Operating Fund
               
               
                  
                     
                     This fund supports the programs and initiatives of the Center for Migrant Education,
                        a center housed in the College of Education that works with&nbsp;local, state, and national
                        agencies and organizations to improve education and related services for migrant children
                        and their families through the development and study of programs and training addressed
                        at special needs.
                     
                     
                     To give to this fund, visit the USF Giving website and search for fund number 210600.
                     
                  
               
            
            
            
               
                     Teacher Leadership Academy Fund
               
               
                  
                     
                     This fund supports the Teacher Leadership Academy initiative. Funds can be used for,
                        but are not limited to: salaries, scholarships for teachers, travel, supplies and
                        other miscellaneous expenses related to the program.&nbsp;
                     
                     
                     Make a Gift to the Teacher Leadership Academy Fund
                     
                  
               
            
            
            
               
                     USF Tutor-a-Bull Program
               
               
                  
                     
                     This fund supports the Tutor-a-Bull Program, a service learning project for undergraduate
                        and graduate students enrolled in the College of Education who are selected to tutor
                        students in identified, local middle and high schools. Schools are selected by the
                        College of Education in consultation with participating, local school districts.
                     
                     
                     To give to this fund, visit the USF Giving website and search for fund number 210024.
                     
                  
               
            
            
            
               
                     SunCoast Area Teacher Training and Educational Research (SCATTER)
               
               
                  
                     
                     This fund supports the activities of the SCATTER Honors Program, the USF College of
                        Education's Honors Program. The SCATTER Honors Program's mission is to enhance the
                        teaching profession by producing exemplary teachers who exhibit a passion for lifetime
                        learning for themselves and for the students whose lives they touch.
                     
                     
                     To give to this fund, visit the USF Giving website and search for fund number 210040.
                     
                  
               
            
            
            Tell us what you would like to do
            
            There are many way you can invest in our students. To start or support a scholarship,
               create an endowment, or learn more about other ways to give,&nbsp;contact Tracee Norris
               at norrist@usf.edu&nbsp;or by phone at (813) 974-0363.&nbsp;
            
            
            
         
      
   
