
      
         
            Undergraduate
         
      Skip Over Breadcrumbs and Secondary Navigation
         Breadcrumb Navigation
         
            
                  College of Education
            
                  Undergraduate
            Undergraduate Majors
         
      
      
         
            
               
                      Secondary Navigation
               
               
                  
                  Majors
Minors
Academic Advising
CampusFolio
Field and Clinical Education
Scholarships and Grants
Student Organizations
Study Abroad
Teacher Certification
Apply Now
                  
               
            
         
         
            Undergraduate Majors
            
            
            
            
            The College of Education offers numerous&nbsp;undergraduate degree programs in the field
               of education. To learn more about admission requirements specific to each of our programs,
               visit the program's website or contact your academic advisor.
            
            
            View programs by campus location &gt;&gt;&gt;
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Early Childhood Education (with ESOL and Reading Endorsement)
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa campusUSF's bachelor's degree in Early Childhood Education is for aspiring teachers who
               have a passion for shaping the minds of early learners. It is designed to develop
               knowledgeable, responsive and innovative professionals who are committed to creating
               dynamic and stimulating learning environments with an emphasis on inquiry, creativity
               and reflectivity.&nbsp;Upon successful completion of the&nbsp;program, students are eligible
               for teacher certification in the state of Florida for Pre-Kindergarten/Primary (age
               3 - Grade 3).
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Education (with ESOL and Reading Endorsement)
            
            Offered on USF's St. Petersburg&nbsp;campusUSF’s bachelor's degree in Education integrates the pedagogy, content, and clinical
               experiences necessary for graduates to be eligible for teacher certification in Exceptional
               Student Education and Elementary Education from the Florida Department of Education.
               Students who successfully complete this program are also eligible to add ESOL and
               Reading Endorsements to their teaching certificate.&nbsp;
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Educational Studies
            
            Offered on USF's St. Petersburg campusUSF’s bachelor's degree in&nbsp;Educational Studies prepares students to engage in educational
               settings beyond the classroom, including settings such as museums, nonprofit organizations,
               community-based organizations, and businesses where teaching and training are an integral
               part of the organization. This program does not lead to teacher certification, nor
               is it a teacher preparation program.
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Elementary Education (with ESOL and Reading Endorsement)
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa and Sarasota-Manatee&nbsp;campusesUSF's bachelor's&nbsp;degree&nbsp;in Elementary Education is designed for students who wish
               to pursue a career as an elementary classroom teacher. The program includes both coursework
               and extensive field experience in elementary school settings to enable the students
               to integrate theory with teaching practice.&nbsp;Students who successfully complete this
               program are eligible for teacher certification from the Florida Department of Education
               in Elementary Education (grades K-6).
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            English Education (with ESOL Endorsement)
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa&nbsp;campusUSF's&nbsp;bachelor's degree in English Education prepares students to develop content
               knowledge related to structures and functions of language, diverse literature (including
               print and non-print texts and multimedia), adolescent literacy and writing theories
               and processes. Students who successfully complete this program are eligible for teacher
               certification from the Florida Department of Education in English (grades 6-12).
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Exceptional Student Education (with ESOL &amp; Reading Endorsements)
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa campusUSF's bachelor's degree&nbsp;in Exceptional Student Education prepares teachers to work
               with children who have emotional and behavioral disorders,&nbsp;intellectual disabilities,&nbsp;and
               specific learning disabilities.&nbsp;Students who successfully complete this program are
               eligible for teacher certification from the Florida Department of Education in Exceptional
               Student Education (grades K-12).
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Exercise Science
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa campusUSF's bachelor's degree in Exercise Science prepares students for careers in strength
               and conditioning, corporate fitness, community-based fitness, cardiac rehabilitation,
               and provides a pathway to physical therapy school.
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Mathematics Education
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa campusUSF's bachelor's degree&nbsp;in Mathematics Education explores educational foundations,
               methods, and theory and practice of teaching mathematics at grades 6-12. It is designed
               to prepare effective teachers of middle and high school mathematics who are knowledgeable,
               reflective, caring, and are able to meet the needs of a diverse student population.&nbsp;Students
               who complete this program are eligible for teacher certification from the Florida
               Department of Education in Mathematics (grades 6-12).&nbsp;
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Mathematics Education with Middle School&nbsp;Mathematics&nbsp;concentration
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa campusUSF's bachelor's degree in Mathematics Education with a concentration in Middle School&nbsp;Mathematics&nbsp;is
               designed to prepare students with the specialized knowledge, skills and dispositions
               to teach young adolescent learners in the middle grades setting effectively. Upon
               successful completion of this program, students are eligible for certification from
               the Florida Department of Education in Middle Grades Mathematics (grades 5-9).&nbsp;
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Physical Education
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa campusUSF's bachelor's degree&nbsp;in Physical Education is designed for those who wish to become
               Florida certified teachers in Physical Education and teach in K-12 schools. Coursework
               in the major begins in the student's junior year and takes place over a two-year program
               of study.&nbsp;Students who complete this program are eligible for teacher certification
               from the Florida Department of Education in Physical Education (grades K-12).&nbsp;
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Science Education with Biology Education Concentration
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa campusUSF's bachelor's degree in Science Education is designed for those who have a passion
               for science and technology and prepares aspiring teachers to use research, theory,
               and science content knowledge to help their students explore how the world around
               them—and how it works. Students who complete this program are eligible for teacher
               certification from the Florida Department of Education in Biology (grades 6-12).&nbsp;
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Science Education with Chemistry Education Concentration
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa campusUSF's bachelor's degree in Science Education is designed for those who have a passion
               for science and technology and prepares aspiring teachers to use research, theory,
               and science content knowledge to help their students explore how the world around
               them—and how it works. Students who complete this program are eligible for teacher
               certification from the Florida Department of Education in Biology (grades 6-12). 
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Science Education with Physics Education Concentration
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa campusUSF's bachelor's degree in Science Education is designed for those who have a passion
               for science and technology and prepares aspiring teachers to use research, theory,
               and science content knowledge to help their students explore how the world around
               them—and how it works. Students who complete this program are eligible for teacher
               certification from the Florida Department of Education in Biology (grades 6-12).
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Social Science Education
            
            Offered on USF's Tampa campusUSF's bachelor's degree in Social Science Education is designed for those who hope
               to inspire their students to be active and responsible members of society. Our program&nbsp;engages
               students in the study of cultural and historical tradition and informed social criticism.
               Students who complete this program are eligible for teacher certification from the
               Florida Department of Education in&nbsp;in&nbsp;Social Science (grades 6-12).
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            Degree and/or course requirements are subject to change, per state legislative mandates,
                  Florida State Department of Education program approval standards, and accreditation
                  criteria.
            
            
         
      
   
