
      
         
            Field and Clinical Education
         
      Skip Over Breadcrumbs and Secondary Navigation
         Breadcrumb Navigation
         
            
                  College of Education
            
                  Field and Clinical Education
            Overview
         
      
      
         
            
               
                      Secondary Navigation
               
               
                  
                  Overview
Field Experiences

SunCoast Area Teacher Training

Events Calendar


Tutor-a-Bull
ESOL Field Experience
Volunteer with Junior Achievement of Tampa Bay


Internships

Information
Internship Requirements
Forms and Guidelines
Dates and Deadlines
Arrests and Convictions Disclosure
Apply for Internship


Certification and Job Resources
Resources for Collaborating Teachers
Accreditation
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact
                  
               
            
         
         
            Overview
            
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            The USF College of Education embraces field and clinical experiences to support and
               enrich the learning that occurs in your coursework. Being in the field means being
               in local schools with real students to develop your understanding of how to teach
               the content with discipline-specific practices.
            
            
            Clinical experiences allow you to demonstrate skills under the guidance and coaching
               of clinical instructors while studying how to positively impact the learning of the
               students you teach. In this way, you will be prepared for the dynamic educational
               environments you can expect to encounter as a professional educator.
            
            
            Depending on the program, students may have one or more early field experiences plus
               a final or culminating clinical experience, or internship. A field experience may
               also be referred to as: a practicum, early field experience, methods course, level
               one or level two internship, microteach, or pre-internship.&nbsp;A few programs may also
               refer to a residency in which back-to-back field experiences occur at a single school
               site.
            
            
            All students will perform a final internship, generally in your last semester, in
               which you will be responsible for performing all of the duties of a classroom teacher
               with the support of multiple clinical instructors.  Be prepared for your first field experience and final internship:
            
            
            
               
               If required complete the&nbsp;fingerprinting and background check process
               
               
               Obtain student liability insurance
               
               Check out frequently asked questions
               
               Be aware of Internship Policies&nbsp;and Internship Forms &amp; Guidelines
               
            
            
            Throughout these experiences, certain expectations are essential to success. As with
               all courses taken in the College of Education, there are expectations for your performance
               along with assessments and opportunities for feedback and coaching on your teaching.
            
            
            Additionally, there are expectations that your professionalism and disposition meet
               standards suitable for educators in the State of Florida. Students are expected to
               adhere to the USF Student Code of Conduct and the Florida Department of Education
               Code of Ethics and Principles of Professional Conduct. Learn more about the Professional
               Disposition and Ethical Practices Standards from the Ethics and Conduct page.
            
            
            For any questions related to early field experience, please contact your program coordinator.
            
            
         
      
   
