
      
         
            Undergraduate
         
      Skip Over Breadcrumbs and Secondary Navigation
         Breadcrumb Navigation
         
            
                  College of Education
            
                  Undergraduate
            Minors
         
      
      
         
            
               
                      Secondary Navigation
               
               
                  
                  Majors
Minors
Academic Advising
CampusFolio
Field and Clinical Education
Scholarships and Grants
Student Organizations
Study Abroad
Teacher Certification
Apply Now
                  
               
            
         
         
            Minors
            In addition to major programs, the College of Education offers academic minors that
               help students explore academic areas outside their major and learn skills that can
               prepare them for career readiness and graduate education. Students interested in pursuing
               a minor in the College of Education should contact your academic advisor.
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Education Minor
                  
                  			
               
               The Education minor builds understanding of learners and learning for those earning
                  a bachelor's degree in a discipline other than education and provides rigorous instruction
                  in creating a safe learning environment in PK-12 classrooms, effective instructional
                  planning, teaching strategies for diverse learners, and using assessment data to inform
                  instruction with field experiences incorporated into coursework.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        Learn more
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Foreign Language Education Minor
                  
                  			
               
               The minor in Foreign Language Education is for students who are pursuing a degree
                  in another field and who have an interest in teaching a foreign language. The courses
                  in the minor give students a foundation in methods of teaching a foreign or second
                  language. Completing this minor does not result in Florida teaching certification.
               
               
                  
                        				
                        
                        Learn more
                        
                        			&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Global Studies in Education Minor
                  
                  			
               
               Students pursuing a minor in Global Studies in Education will gain knowledge about
                  the relationships between education and the increasingly globalized world and learn
                  how to apply this knowledge within diverse fields and professional settings. This
                  interdisciplinary minor integrates educational, sociological, and psychological perspectives.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        Learn more
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Professional Teaching Option Minor
                  
                  			
               
               The Professional Training Option is an approved alternative teacher certification
                  program that leads to temporary teaching certification. A temporary teaching certificate
                  enables educators to complete the Professional Certificate requirements while teaching
                  full-time. It is designed for students interested in teaching at the secondary level
                  in English, Social Science, or Science in the State of Florida.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        Learn more
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Science of Physical Activity Minor
                  
                  			
               
               Students pursuing a minor in Science of Physical Activity gain experience working
                  with physically active individuals, and learn skills that translate to work in after-school
                  programs, recreation environments, or fitness centers. Completing this minor does
                  not result in Florida teaching certification.
               
               
                  
                        				
                        
                        Learn more
                        
                        			&nbsp;
                           
               
            
         
      
   
