
      
         
            Undergraduate
         
      Skip Over Breadcrumbs and Secondary Navigation
         Breadcrumb Navigation
         
            
                  College of Education
            
                  Undergraduate
            Student Organizations
         
      
      
         
            
               
                      Secondary Navigation
               
               
                  
                  Majors
Minors
Academic Advising
CampusFolio
Field and Clinical Education
Scholarships and Grants
Student Organizations
Study Abroad
Teacher Certification
Apply Now
                  
               
            
         
         
            Student Organizations
            The College of Education has numerous student organizations available to students
               who have interests in education, exercise science, leadership and more.
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Alliance of Health and Fitness Professionals
                  
                  			
               
               The Exercise Science Alliance of Health and Fitness Professionals (AHFP) is an official
                  USF student organization designed to provide exercise science majors with a variety
                  of professional development and leadership experiences. Activities include preparing
                  for certifications in the field, attending professional conferences, participating
                  in volunteer community projects and programs, and coordinating many local educational
                  and social events.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        BullsConnect Profile
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Bulls for Science Education
                  
                  			
               
               The aim of this organization is to get elementary and middle school students excited
                  in science. The club has events where members get to visit classrooms and do hands-on
                  experiments directly with students. This club is open to anyone who is passionate
                  about science or education.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        BullsConnect Profile
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  College of Education Graduate Student Council
                  
                  			
               
               USF’s College of Education Graduate Student Council (GSC) is an interdepartmental
                  and interdisciplinary group of graduate students whose mission is to enrich the graduate
                  student experience through fostering college-wide collaboration, promoting excellence
                  in educational research, and advocacy. We represent the interests of all graduate
                  students in the College of Education, assist in addressing student concerns, and disseminate
                  information pertin
               
               
                  
                        				
                        
                        BullsConnect Profile
                        
                        			&nbsp;
                           
                  
                        				
                        
                        GSC Facebook Page
                        
                        			&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Council of Student Teachers of Mathematics
                  
                  			
               
               The Council of Student Teachers of Mathematics at USF works to rejuvenate math by
                  finding ways to make it more entertaining while advocating for equal and equitable
                  education.
               
               
                  
                        				
                        
                        BullsConnect Profile
                        
                        			&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Education Living Learning Community 
                  
                  			
               
               The Education Living Learning Community (LLC) is an exclusive opportunity for 30 first-year
                  students who plan to major in education. Students in the LLC explore a broad range
                  of careers open to education majors, get to know the faculty of the College of Education,
                  and meet guest speakers &amp; local educators who are leaders in their respective fields.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        Learn more
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Honor Societies
                  
                  			
               
               Join an Honor Society. Pi Lambda Theta (PLT) is one of the most prestigious education
                  honor societies. PLT is part of the Phi Delta Kappa International family of education
                  associations. Kappa Delta Pi is an international honor society in Education, and the
                  Lambda Tau chapter has been on the USF campus for over 44 years. Omicron Tau Theta
                  is an honorary professional graduate society in career and technical education.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        Pi Lambda Theta
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
                  
                        					
                        
                        Kappa Delta Pi 
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
                  
                        					
                        
                        Omicron Tau Theta
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  National Science Teachers Association at USF
                  
                  			
               
               National Science Teachers Association(NSTA) is a USF organization for all education
                  and science majors. Our goal is to promote science learning. NSTA will provide its
                  members with professional development, events, and leadership opportunities. We hope
                  to create an interesting future for our students, starting by collaborating among
                  multiple disciplines to help succeed in reaching our goal of a brighter future for
                  our classrooms to come.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        BullsConnect Profile
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  Student Council for Exceptional Children
                  
                  			
               
               The Student Council for Exceptional Children is an organization open to students from
                  across the university who appreciate the diversity present in our schools and society
                  and are interested in the education of children and young adults with exceptionalities.
                  Activities of the USF Chapter include a variety of service projects, as well as support
                  of the College of Education Children's Festival, Special Olympics, and field trips.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        BullsConnect Profile
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  SunCoast Area Teacher Training
                  
                  			
               
               The SunCoast Area Teacher Training Honors Program is designed to provide aspiring
                  educators with opportunities outside of their coursework to develop the skills and
                  leadership traits needed to become a highly-effective teacher. Through complementary
                  training, professional development, community-engaged service learning, and leadership
                  opportunities, the SCATT Honors Program complements your studies in USF's College
                  of Education.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        Learn More
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
            
               
                  				
                  
                  USF Transfer Student Organization
                  
                  			
               
               We intend to help guide transfer students in any area that deals with their transfer
                  stage and continue to be a resource throughout their time at the University of South
                  Florida. We will focus on professional, social, and community service aspects and
                  act as a gateway for transfer students to get involved around campus, and become more
                  active in the community.
               
               
                  
                        					
                        
                        BullsConnect Profile
                        
                        				&nbsp;
                           
               
            
         
      
   
