
      
         
            About Us
         
      Skip Over Breadcrumbs and Secondary Navigation
         Breadcrumb Navigation
         
            
                  College of Education
            
                  About Us
            Special Interest Programs
         
      
      
         
            
               
                      Secondary Navigation
               
               
                  
                  Welcome
Accreditation
All Degree Programs
Blog
Contact Us
Community Engagement

The Collaboratory
Tutor-a-Bull


Departments
History
Locations

Tampa
St. Petersburg
Sarasota-Manatee


Mission &amp; Vision
Office of the Dean
Special Interest Programs

Call Me MiSTER
Go Teach Bulls
UMatter


Summer Camps for K-12 Students
                  
               
            
         
         
            Special Interest Programs
            
            
            
            
            The College of Education hosts multiple programs designed for unique groups and special
               populations within the field of education. Learn more about each of these programs
               below.
            
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Call Me MiSTER
            
            Call Me MiSTER is a College of Education initiative based on the USF St. Petersburg
               campus that recruits men of color to get their undergraduate degree and teacher certification
               or a Master’s of Arts degree in Teaching. The program is conducted in partnership
               with Pinellas County Schools. Men desiring to teach and serve as role models in urban
               elementary or middle schools are encouraged to apply.
            
            
            Learn More
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Go Teach Bulls
            
            The Go Teach Project, hosted by the College Football Playoff Foundation, aims to give
               athletic and academic departments a platform and the tools needed to assist with the
               recruitment of qualified student-athletes into the teaching profession. The USF College
               of Education and USF Athletics have joined the project to encourage more USF student
               athletes to consider a rewarding career in teaching.
            
            
            Learn More
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            UMatter
            
            UMatter is an innovative inclusive postsecondary education (IPSE) program created
               to provide young people with intellectual disabilities the opportunity to experience
               higher education and campus life. The program&nbsp;was established through a $900,000 grant
               awarded by the Florida Center for Students with Unique Abilities and is hosted at
               USF's St. Petersburg campus.
            
            
            Learn More
            
            
         
      
   
