
      
         
            About Us
         
      Skip Over Breadcrumbs and Secondary Navigation
         Breadcrumb Navigation
         
            
                  College of Education
            
                  About Us
            Summer Programming for K-12 Students
         
      
      
         
            
               
                      Secondary Navigation
               
               
                  
                  Welcome
Accreditation
All Degree Programs
Blog
Contact Us
Community Engagement

The Collaboratory
Tutor-a-Bull


Departments
History
Locations

Tampa
St. Petersburg
Sarasota-Manatee


Mission &amp; Vision
Office of the Dean
Special Interest Programs

Call Me MiSTER
Go Teach Bulls
UMatter


Summer Camps for K-12 Students
                  
               
            
         
         
            Summer Programming for K-12 Students
            
            
            
            
            The College of Education offers numerous summer programs that are open to K-12 students
               from across the state of Florida.&nbsp;Students who participate in our summer programs
               are welcomed into a supportive and collaborative environment that allows them to develop
               their&nbsp;skills, discover new passions, and explore future career paths.
            
            
            Learn more about some of our summer programming opportunities below.
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Animation Gets Real Summer Camp
            
            The Animation Gets Real Summer Camp is a week-long experience that allows students
               with autism and related disabilities&nbsp;to discover their strengths as future writers,
               videographers, storyboard artists and editors while in a positive learning environment.
               Students create a soundtrack to enhance their animated clip by adding musical elements,
               like voiceovers and sound effects, and later present their work to family and friends
               during a final showcase at the end of the camp session.
            
            
            This program is open to students ages&nbsp;13-22 and is hosted by Arts4All Florida,&nbsp;a nonprofit organization housed in the USF College of Education that is dedicated
               to bringing arts education to individuals with disabilities across Florida.
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Everyone Can Code Camp
            
            The USF Everyone Can Code summer camp is a coding camp designed for students in grades
               4-6. This&nbsp;program&nbsp;helps campers identify code in their everyday lives and teaches
               the basic principles of coding using Apple’s&nbsp;Swift Playgrounds.&nbsp;
            
            
            Campers will have the&nbsp;opportunity to LEARN coding basics, PRACTICE their skills through
               various puzzles and activities, APPLY what they have learned as they create with code,
               and CONNECT the experiences from camp to the real-world through problem solving and
               critical thinking. At the end of the week, campers will even design and prototype
               their own app using the skills they have learned.
            
            
            USF Everyone Can Code is intended to not only introduce coding concepts, but to inspire
               young learners to think about how code might apply to their futures. This camp is
               intended for BEGINNERS with little to no experience in coding.
            
            
            Learn More
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            STEM Robotics Summer Camp
            
            Join the USF College of Education for the 2022 STEM Robotics Summer Camp! Students
               in grades 5–8 are invited to participate in this fun and engaging camp where they
               will learn how to think critically and solve complex problems.
            
            
            The STEM Robotics Summer Camp gives the next generation of STEM leaders experience
               with coding, programming and hands-on learning—from building a robot to creating a
               working model of a roller coaster. Campers learn from a variety of educators including
               USF St. Petersburg campus faculty, Pinellas County teachers and Microsoft experts.
            
            
            Learn More
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Tampa Bay Area Writing Project Youth Summer Programs
            
            Each summer, the Tampa Bay Area Writing Project hosts a series of summer camps to
               inspire K-12 students from across the Tampa Bay area to extend and enrich their writing
               practices.&nbsp;The Tampa Bay Area Writing Project’s Young Writers Camps provide an environment
               in which writers feel safe to explore their abilities and receive feedback on the
               writing process from their peers and Tampa Bay Area Writing Project Teaching Consultants.&nbsp;
            
            
            The Tampa Bay Area Writing Project is a nonprofit professional development organization that works to create lifelong
               writers. Founded in 1998, the project is modeled after the National Writing Project, an organization comprised of nearly 200 local sites that utilize a professional
               development model of teachers teaching other teachers how to improve their writing
               instruction. The program is housed in the David C. Anchin Center for the Advancement of Teaching at the&nbsp;USF College of Education.
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            Tampa Theatre Film Camp
            
            Each summer, the Tampa Theatre’s historic auditorium lights up with young filmmakers
               working together to produce their visions on-screen. Campers entering grades 3-12
               work in small groups to learn the creative process of digital filmmaking, from brainstorming,
               storyboarding, and scriptwriting to filming, lighting and editing. All of the necessary
               equipment is provided, including cameras, lights, sound equipment, Mac computers and
               software. By the end of the session, each production team will have a 3-5 minute movie
               to showcase.&nbsp;
            
            
            This camp is presented by the Tampa Theatre in collaboration with the Florida Center for Instructional Technology at the USF College of Education.&nbsp;
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            USF C.A.G.E. Virtual&nbsp;CyberCamp
            
            USF’s C.A.G.E. Virtual CyberCamp offers campers in grades 3-5 an exciting, interactive
               experience problem solving through hands-on learning with various technologies. Campers
               work up the ranks as secret agent recruits for the Cybersecurity Agency for Global
               Engagement (C.A.G.E.) by solving puzzles, taking virtual tours, and gathering information
               to expose a mole within the organization!
            
            
            This immersive, high-energy simulation will give campers knowledge in foundational
               computing concepts, including skills associated with cybersecurity, computing architecture,
               and coding. In addition to the program’s curriculum, campers will develop knowledge
               and skills that can be applied to their own interactions within the digital world.
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            USF Middle School CyberCamp
            
            The USF Middle School CyberCamp, held in-person at the University of South Florida's
               Tampa campus, gives campers (grades 6-8) the opportunity to explore basic to intermediate
               cybersecurity concepts through interactive hands-on experiences. Activities are&nbsp;differentiated
               to match each camper's&nbsp;needs.
            
            
            The curriculum provides campers the opportunity to learn through a series of fun and
               immersive challenges while interacting and competing with other campers. Lessons throughout
               the week focus on various cybersecurity concepts including cryptography, web exploration,
               forensics, and social engineering interwoven with basic internet safety and ethics.
            
            
            Learn More
            
            
            
            
               
            
            
            USF High School CyberCamp
            
            The USF CyberCamp&nbsp;encourages students from across the Tampa Bay area to pursue careers
               in the rapidly growing cybersecurity industry. The week-long program helps students
               learn&nbsp;what&nbsp;being an ethical hacker is all about.
            
            
            Supported by local cybersecurity student groups and industry leaders, USF CyberCamp
               participants explore&nbsp;cybersecurity careers while networking with the Tampa-area cybersecurity
               community. The USF CyberCamp curriculum is&nbsp;supported by Florida CyberHub resources and lesson plans from the Florida Center for Instructional Technology.&nbsp;
            
            
            Learn more
            
            
         
      
   
